---
title: Unreal
layout: post
author: barnaby.sticklen
permalink: /unreal/
source-id: 1UBBRTF_VD2V13picGi2Rkb0GbnkYoLEi_yQAe--qWkg
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Unreal</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>05/04/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>We have some media examples.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To understand where fantasy is in the media and when things are not real.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? </td>
    <td>I can now look for things in the media and identify whether they are fantasy or real.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>How did you use your learning habits this week?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Persevering</td>
    <td>I didn't have to persevere much this week. We only watched some adverts and identified what the fantasy aspect was within them. The hardest bit was identifying why the company had included fantasy within the ad or other form of media. I had to look at who the company was and what they were trying to sell you.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Questioning?</td>
    <td>I had to question everything. Why did the company include fantasy in their form of media? What were they trying to achieve? What is the company? What are they trying to sell us? And finally, is there any main purpose of using fantasy? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Independence</td>
    <td>I thought of my own questions but the lesson was very interactive and we talked a lot with our teacher and in small groups.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Reflecting</td>
    <td>I am happy that I can now identify what fantasy is in the media and how lots of things we see on television cannot be created in real life.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Engagement</td>
    <td>I focused in the lesson and now understand more about the media and how they try to influence you.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What could have gone better in your learning?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I think that this lesson went very well and I do not need to improve on much. I should contribute slightly more in class so I can get more out of the lesson and improve my understanding of the media.</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What changes do you need to make to improve your learning next time?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I will put my hand up more and not be nervous about getting anything wrong. We learn by making mistakes and I should not be sad about making them every now and then.</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
</table>


