---
title: Light Bot
layout: post
author: barnaby.sticklen
permalink: /light-bot/
source-id: 1fg-fyN7wLS1E4Ee3Po1nTri4LITOXU_BUP-ILgJP5Vk
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Light Bot</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>09/03/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>We have code in the website Light Bot.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To complete as much of the levels as you can.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? </td>
    <td>Yes, I was on the last level.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>How did you use your learning habits this week?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Persevering</td>
    <td>I was struggling a lot on the last level of section 2. I just couldn't figure it out. But then Mr Keen hinted that it could be completed in many different ways. So I looked at others ways of completing it. I then figured out that you could complete the path in strips instead of separate squares. I completed the level this way.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Questioning?</td>
    <td>I questioned how you could complete a certain level with limited space. I then looked back at the instructions and it said that it is possible to make loops. So I tried making a loop and it worked.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Independence</td>
    <td>I was focusing on my work most of the time and did not "help" anyone. I let the people around me work by themselves and I was not tempted to look at the code of anyone else ahead or on my level.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Reflecting</td>
    <td>I was happy with where I got in the lesson. I got as far as the last level but did not complete it. No one in the whole class completed the last level.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Engagement</td>
    <td>I was engaged and focused in the lesson which is why I got to the last level. However, towards the end I was talking to friend a little bit too much.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What could have gone better in your learning?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I could have not talked to my friend as much and I would have, maybe, completed the whole amount of what we were supposed to do.</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What changes do you need to make to improve your learning next time?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I need to focus more on my work and not talking with my friend. Although when I got home I worked through all the levels again and I did actually complete the last level. I have a picture on my home for proof.</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
</table>


